New Entry and Terms: C++ Stack (#845)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/stacks/terms/size/size.md

---
Title: '.size()'
Description: 'Returns the number of elements in the stack.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Objects'
  - 'OOP'
  - 'Classes'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-plus-plus'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The `.size()` method returns the number of elements in the [`stack`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp/sets).

## Syntax

The `.size()` method is called on a `stack` using the following syntax:

```pseudo
stackName.size();
```

## Codebyte Example

> The codebyte example below uses the `.size()` method on `myStack`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the `.size()` method on `myStack`:
```

```codebyte/cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <stack>
#include <string>

int main(){

  std::stack<std::string> myStack;
  myStack.push("A");
  myStack.push("B");
  myStack.push("C");
  myStack.push("D");

  std::cout << myStack.size() << '\n';

>   myStack.pop();
>   myStack.pop();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  myStack.pop();
```
